Add `PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER` to use a different interpreter (#60)
se7entyse7en/pydockenv: README.md

To avoid conflicts this installs `pydockenv` to the Python user install directory. In order to run the `pydockenv` binary, you will need to have that directory in your `PATH`.

> `pydockenv` support python 3 at the moment so in case your system have python 2 installed, the binary `python` will be linked

Reviewer: I'd change with something along these lines:

```suggestion
`pydockenv` supports only python >=3.6 at the moment and will use the `python` binary. In case your system has another version installed, you can use a different interpreter by specifying its path through the `PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER` environment variable:

    PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER=path/to/binary pydockenv [...]
    # or
    export PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER=path/to/binary
    pydockenv [...]
```

Author: done

to python 2 so to run it with a different interpreter you do it exporting `PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER` like:
```
export PYDOCKENV_INTERPRETER=path/to/binary
```

> To have it permanently write it in you shell configuration file.

Reviewer: I'd delete this as it's probably not what the user wants to do.
```suggestion
```

Author: done
